# dandd
 A New Campaign
<!--This is my starting point for my client website. My brother's roommate is currently planning the details of the campaign, which I plan to partake in, and will manipulate my reluctant brother into playing as well. He is using the 5th Edition manual for the game parameters.-->
<p> Hello reader, welcome to my website. For my website project, I am making a client site for my brother's roommate Adam. For the most part, he is a fool, but one of his greatest redeeming qualities is that he has an open mind for turn-based role-playing games (RPG's). He was recently given the Dungeons and Dragons (D&D) 5th Edition Manual as a gift, and has since asked me to join in his first campaign. Although I am not a D&D veteran, I have some experience.</p>
<p> What is D&D? </p>
<!--Go back later and add a yellow highlight or some other distinguishing attribute to mark this as a heading.-->
<p> For any newcomers of the game, D&D is a turn-based tabletop game. It is played on a board or grid, much like chess. Each player creates and controls a character of their choosing, in an open-ended adventure. The game is loosely-directed by the Dungeon Master, or DM, who sets up the game parameters and controls most of the enemies. Unlike games like chess, there is no way to "win," the game, and players work together. It is more about the experience of teamwork and pretending you are living in a fantasy world.</p>
<p> Character Creation </p>
<!--Same as above, make a secondary title.-->
<p> Before you can play the game, you must first create your character. There are several templates online, and in the manual, to help you. Players can choose their race, stats, and background, as well as customizing their character's personality to make them truly unique. You can also choose their morale alignment, ranging from Lawful Good to Chaotic Evil. I personally find more ambiguous characters more interesting to play as, my last character, Sir Konrad, Lord of the Brave and Blade of the Bold, was of the Chaotic Good alignment, a dashing rogue who fought for the innocent but had a nasty habit of stealing soup from nobles after breaking into their house.</p>
<p> Dungeon Master </p>
